So storing is great fetching would all be sweet and in the end I want to make sure that when we.
For example wizard do you products overview screen.
We simply reach out to the server and get all products from there so on this screen.
Whenever we wizard it.
We load the latest products.
Now for Dad we need to send the HDP request from there.
And therefore in the end what I want to do is I want to dispatch a new redux action which will reach
out to the server get my products from there and then set the products in my store so I need a brand
new action here set products which I didn't need before because we only worked with dummy products but
now that's not the case anymore so set products should now be dispatched and I will need a new action
creator here which will name fetch products for this I have no identifier because I will never dispatch
does as an action which should reach the reducer instead.
This will just be my action creator with the async code with the HP request.
It will not need any arguments but thanks to regex thunk it returns a function which gets that dispatch
function as an argument and there in the end.
I want to dispatch a action object where the type is set products and where I want to forward my products.
But of course that should not be an empty array but the products I get from my API so we can therefore
a kind of copy of this code here including the async dispatch part here all the way up to data where
we get the response data.
Copy that from create product and replace this part here with it.
And now what we do is we send the request to that same you or else as before which makes sense because
that's where the products are stored.
However now I want to set a get request and that's actually the default when you use fetch.
So you don't need to set this for a get request you also don't need to set any headers and you can set
a body.
So actually here we can entirely get rid of this second argument on fetch.
We just in a fetch request like this.
Now the response will get back our data but none there is one important characteristic about the format
of that data and it's best if we simply see that.
So let me console log the response data here and comment this out for a moment or we can leave it in
there doesn't do any harm.
Doesn't would do anything useful either.
We're not handling this in a reducer yet but let's log this and let's now go to the products overview
screen and make sure that there we dispatched is fetch products action now thankfully I already get
access to the redux dispatch function deer in products overview.
So now I just need to add use effect so that I can fire it is whenever this component loads.
So here I can add use effect and in my function here I can call dispatch and now reach out to my product
actions which had therefore need to import as products.
Actions from store actions products like this that should be actions and now use the products.
Actions here to fire my fetch products action which in the end will make does HDP request and this effect
should run whenever my component is loaded so I can add an empty array and actually add my only dependency
which I have which is dispatch.
Yea that's the only dependency we define inside of our component so that this will actually never rerun.
The only time it will run is when this component is loaded and that's exactly what should be the case
whenever I will hit the screen.
I want to fire this effect here.
So if an safeties let's safeties and now it does loads.
You see here in the log this is what what happened here and both on Android and I was.
Which is why I see this twice.
This is what I got back in the end.
This object was returned by firebase.
It's the object with all my products and I only have one which is why I only see one here and each object
is matched to its unique I.D..
But that's important.
We don't get back in array we get back an object with unique ideas as keys and the values for these
keys is then my object data and we just need to know that for handling it correctly.
So back in our action.
This is how the response to the looks like.
Of course in my app I work with an array though so I need to transform this.
So my loaded products or however you want to call this here should be an empty array.
And now we can loop through that object to map D object data.
D products in the object too well products in the array.
It's relatively straightforward to do we can add a for in loop here with our a key where we go through
all the response data we fetched here in the end and then here I add each product to my loaded products
with push so that this array grows over time.
When I add here in the end is just a new product using the product model which should therefore need
to import.
So make sure you have that import here pointing at your models folder and there at the product file.
Next create a new product here.
Where my I.D. is that key because that is that unique I.D. here which we haven't that object for for
which we're looping then that user thing well that is you one still dummy data because we have no user
data involved here and then we have to look into the object we got back from firebase to get the title
and so on.
So here our title for this new product we're creating is simply rest stayed of for two given key data
title and the same.
Of course here for the image you are L so dot image you are L forward a description
and of course all for the price like that so this adds everything to loaded products and now a load
of products will be a populated array which I can add here to the action that is dispatched to the set
products action.
So the only missing thing is that we now go to the reducer and there we can handle set products.
Maybe here is the first case but of course the position doesn't matter at set products here.
And for Dad make sure you're importing it from your actions file and then dear.
It's a very well very trivial thing which we're about to do in the end I just need to return and you
state where the available products are equal to action dot products so to the products I derived here
in my action creator which I add to my dispatched action and for the user product is pretty similar
there it's action dot products just filtered for all the products that have my user I.D. so like that
and at the moment due to my dummy code here where a hard code by user I.D. that of course means that
all loaded products are treated as my products.
This is something will change later once we added authentication so with that.
Now if this reloads you see we start with the dummy data but then this is immediately replaced with
this loaded data so loading data works just fine.
We can work with that as we could with our own data here.
Of course we're not storing orders on the server and anything like that but we are able to load our
data which we previously stored on the server.